Merge @uppy/status-bar into @uppy/dashboard (#5825)
transloadit/uppy: .changeset/huge-dingos-march.md

---
"@uppy/dashboard": major
---

### Merge @uppy/status-bar into @uppy/dashboard

> The `@uppy/status-bar` package has been merged into `@uppy/dashboard` to simplify the architecture and reduce bundle size. This is a breaking change if you were using StatusBar as a standalone plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@uppy/status-bar` package has been merged into `@uppy/dashboard`. The plugin gave a false promise of flexibility as a standalone plugin but was always built tightly coupled for `@uppy/dashboard`. With the new headless components and hooks, we want go all in those components and remove the confusing, inflexible ones.
```
